This you will every have the text you look at this teaching. So now, for example, this practice,
again, every of those great masters always lay out so beautifully, so calm, easy and so practical
to the every practitioners, and there are practices that are going to be divided into three groups.
The first part is a foundation, middle part is the principal part of the practices,
and the concluding of the practices. Those are the three. First, generally, what the practice is,
is we all know what practice means, we're practicing of our goodness. Goodness, as I discussed
in a title I make in the youth, is our love, kindness, compassion. Relax our mind, relax,
calm and peaceful state. That is what we're going to practice. With this practice, we like to
become
that, not just a practice as true to make that, but ourselves we like to become. Peace,
ourselves we like to become. Joy, peaceful, happy, and then appreciate it. As Buddha is, of course,
we taught the teacher, but Buddha become that. Buddha is true love, Buddha is true compassion,
Buddha is true courage, commitment, the appreciation, respect. That is what the Buddha is. That is
our
practice that we like to become. And we do that practice, what it's doing, is removing those all
unwanted things that we don't like. The suffering, sadness, difficulties, troubles, emotions
swinging
up in the dome, those, those all removing, those all glaring, glaring, and then what comes out,
as I said, joy, happy, appreciation, magic, the display of this universe. In ourselves,
magic, the whole beauty of the magic comes so brilliant, so perfectly, and yet it's so,
everything comes so, has meanings. That really brings up that philosophy, the practice. So,
that is what practices. So, we should do these practices. According to Vedic Buddhism,
there's two practices, two ways to explore these qualities. This is called, then, the practicing,
such as chanting the mantra, chanting the sardana. This is practice, this is the meditation,
chanting the mantra, chanting the sardana is the meditation, meditation. And then, also silence,
what we call meditation, that is a meditation. Both are meditation,
chanting is not just not meditating, chanting is a meditation. We, what means meditation? Generally
,
meditation means concentrating, abiding our mind in one simple status. We know that, disturbed
by the distractions of the external force, the external force of the suggestion, object of five
senses, the poem, song, smell, touch, taste, touch, and imagination, not disturbed. Our mind
settles,
exactly where you landed, where you are, leading mind, resting mind in that state, moving forward,
is a great exploring of the beauty of the inner mind qualities. So, therefore, this,
there's true, according to Vedic Buddhism, Vedic and the Buddhism, has two practices,
two meditating, two meditating, chanting, reciting mantra, is meditation, and silence as everybody,
that is meditation. This, generally, silence and look, and the journey of meditation, both are not
separated from each other. Both are the same. Same is nothing really big difference. Both are
because performed, drawn by the mind. It's nothing else drawn by that. Our mind, and we mind is
rested as we are designated, as we lead, and we stay. What it brings, it brings joy, and an
appreciation, and calm, and peaceful, and devotion, and that all comes up. Then, this is a great
meditation practice. So, with that understanding, now, we begin, for example, with this first
practice. First, this part of this practice is rafu and bodhisattva. And then, this is the one,
first practices. Rafu, the brilliant meaning of rafu, is good, strong, presentable kyatamuni,
right in front of our sky, and is surrounded by all the buddhas and bodhisattvas, ahatas,
and great bodhisattvas, and great bodhisattvas, and six in ahatas, and as well as all the buddhas,
bodhisattvas, they are right in front of our sky. It feels strongly that presents that thought.
During the practice, one of the most kind of obstacles to not achieving, not going well,
our practice is, is known as destructions. There are two destructions. Destructions, for example,
with your practices, those are the drawbhi destructions, and as a well-scattered destructions,
two destructions. The drawbhi means sleeping. You know the practices? We start practicing,
immediately, kind of dullness came, and we feel sleepy, and lonely, and our mind does not become
so clear. That is the post-destructions. So if that happens, we have to restate, reactivate our
mind,
more clear, bring up the teachings, bring up the joy, bring up the devotion, bring up the bodhisatt
va.
That clarity, that beauty, that strength, kind of clear with darkness, and then bring our
meditation, concentration, practice, become more clear, clear, brilliant status. And the second
destructions is a scattered mind. Scattered mind, there is many differences. There is something
sometimes, scattered mind, is so kind of like so small, so subtle, like low, under low currency,
currency destructions. Even sometimes we don't notice it. It is happening. That is very subtle
destructions, subtle. And the gross destructions, then, such as dark, hesitations, skeptical.
During
the practice, we bring all intellectual ideas, and that, then, how to also disturb it, disturb the
practice. Practice means we are settled. We settle with the confident, joy, and appreciation.
During
that one-hour practices, hour practices, we are not going to think of all the different
intellectual
ideas taught during the practices. That means we are spoiling our own practice by ourselves,
with all those different, different tools. Then that is the strength. That will become our practice
,
become very, kind of like, non-perfect. Like, it becomes kind of deluded practices. So for that
reason, during the practices, meditating or practicing, we're trying to really withstand
our mind with joy, starting with joy in the appreciation, and devotion, and both each other,
and we settle to practice whatever, whether you're chanting, trying to follow the meaning of the
teaching to what you're chanting. For example, meaning, it has meaning. That word is a reminding
of our meditator. We stand on that. We follow our mind with the meaning of the word we're chanting.
That is meditation. That is practice. That is concentration. Concentration. That is very
so beautiful. And by doing that with joy, with appreciation, then it's so special practices.
Practices. We need to come to such as we pass on our Shama, the meditator, as deep,
without silence, without wobbling, silence, meditation. Still mind with that. Relax in that
state. We don't have been disturbed by any of those, those doubt in us, as well as
skeletal. We're able to do that for pre-second or one minute. Our mind practice becomes so
perfect, so beautiful. That is the one really practice. So with this understanding, feel strong
presence of the Buddha Shatriment right in front of the sky. When you feel Buddha, it's something
that practice is meditator. Really, in the teaching at the beginning of this class, sit in Samadir
aj
circle, sit. Whoever thinks of the Buddha as a golden, golden light, light with beautiful,
beautiful calm and soothing and soothing, call it peaceful. Whoever thinks that, that is great
meditator. As Buddha said in teaching, it's true. We think that calm, that peaceful, that soothing,
that blessed, and light. We relax and mangle our mind with that, and not disturb by any other
emotional and intellectual ideas. That is relaxing. We're giving mind as good vocations, and so
beautiful, so relaxed. You're touching to our own nature, natural rituals. And then sorrow with all
the Buddhas and bodhisattvas and our hearts, even though they appear in different forms and
different
gestures. Meaning is the same. The embodiment of love, kindness, compassion, wisdom, the everywhere
right in the blood of us. They're totally enlightened. Once upon a time, they're similar beings,
as many of us, heavily lauded by the emotions. But through their courage and commitment,
both each other and devotion, they become as these great, great beings. They are our role models.
They are our examples. And we follow the continuity as they did. We will become one of them.
And therefore, with this thought, full of duels, full of confidence, relax, and then
stay the rafuddhi. And the rafuddhi pray is this poor prayer. This is poor mind of rafuddhi pray,
and both the head of prayer is so primitive with the Vedas and Buddhas. This is not just only
the one school of Tibetan Buddhism, chanting. These every Buddhist schools of the Tibetan
are chanting. Many of the great masters say this was composed by the great Dharma king Trasung Ditt
i,
who was the emanation of the Manjushini. He composed. Many of the masters say this was composed
by the great master Adi Shah. He is again one of the great masters who was Tibetan. Either way,
this pray is so famous for all schools of Tibetan Buddhism, everybody gathers. This is
blissful. So many great masters, so many great practitioners, giant throughout the centuries.
Every person of Ditti composed the first time, it started seven centuries, sorry, eight centuries.
Every Adi here composed it started from the 11th century, 11th century, then continually
joined by so many, millions and millions of practitioners. It's really so powerful,
blessed prayers. These first two lines are rafuddhi prayers. And the second two are
bodhijana prayers. Rafuddhi, the essence of rafuddhi is confidence. Confident, trusty, devotion,
devotion in the Buddha, Dhanu Sangha, and at the same time understand the meaning of the
College of our lives, the lives of other beings. The samsara is as it is. Again, we have such
beautiful lives, but yet it's not permanent. This is changing, changing, this is changing
everything.
It's not just our lives are changing, lives, everyone's changing. Everything is changing.
There's nothing is lost forever, ever. Bring that clear understanding. This is magical. This is the
dream. This is the beautiful. Well, I am the beautiful dream status. Beautiful magic status.
I'm going to make even more beautiful dream, more beautiful magic. Magic that will reflect to me,
to others with courage and confidence, commitment with the blessings of Buddha, Dhanu Sangha,
have blessed. I will follow your examples without disadvantage, courage, and close connection to
the Buddha, Dhanu Sangha is known as breathing, taking rafuddhi. Rafuddhi means nandale, our
Sangha. Nandale, our Sangha, will be Buddha, Dhanu Sangha, will be full of confidence. Until now,
we've been wandering everywhere. We've been roaming everywhere, wandering, but today we begin
shelter to our own home, sweet home. Our home, sweet home, is the shelter. This is the rafuddhi
places that we are going to explore as Buddha did, as this great master did. And that should
comfort that confidence, correct, and then say this word. How long I'm going to do this? Not just
this short video, as well I'm doing this phrase, I'm going to take this close, close to my heart,
like this, this until, as in the teachings, until I become the enlightenment, until I become the
Buddha. I will take that. I'm doing this not just for myself, but for all the sensitive beings,
for every living beings. I'm going to make that feel that strongly sincerity in heart and mind
is so special, it's so calming, so soothing, so, so egolessous. This is the egolessous step that we
imagine. We proclaim that in a way, to our own quality, confidence, without any fear, without
any hesitation, without interference of the egos and greens, southern borders. We proclaim it.
That's what rabhu means. The second is rabhu is the first footstep to our journey to the joy,
joy to the enlightenment, joy that will free the suffering, sadness of ours, and all living beings.
So that is what rabhu means. And the second is, second, third line and fourth line is then
bodhijata. And bodhijata, of course, all of you know, bodhijata means mind of enlightenment,
mind of enlightenment. It looks very, sounds very fancy, sounds very special. True is very special.
But what means that? What is that? Close enough. That is true love, true compassion, true wisdom.
That is the word, the mind of enlightenment. This is not something that Buddha owned by,
Buddha owned, owned by Buddha, or this owned by some girl famous, someone owned, or dollar owned,
or something.
This is our nature, your nature, my nature. We all have this nature. Today we glorify that nature,
reproduce that nature. We bring out that nature in the midst of the abhiji patterns, patterns,
not hundred, covered with abhiji patterns. We bring up that concept. We bring up the true love.
We bring out the true compassion. We bring out the true understanding to benefit for all the
sentient beings. Love and compassion and wisdom are the ultimate remedy to remove the suffering,
the difficult troubles of every single living being and including ourselves. There's nothing else
beside that. If we think carefully, whether we are gay, whether we are believer or non-believer,
whether we are following any religions, this is universal practice. That's what his only Dalai Lama
said many times. Love and compassion is a universal practice, not just the preciousness of the
human
beings, but breaking of everyone. That's what the great master Buddha said. Everyone inherited the
Buddha nature. Everyone. Buddha started with love, enlightenment, realizing he started with true
love,
true compassion and true wisdom that everyone has. Human beings, non-human beings, everyone
who, whether we see, whether we don't see, every day is beings. That is their nature. That is our
nature. We are touching all of our own true beings. This Buddha teaching name many times
as Buddha nature, our enlightenment, primordial wisdom, primordial qualities. This is something
inherent to qualities. Until now, until the teaching of the Buddha chapter, we go outward with
habit
patterns, with all those egos, all these emotions, it's covered up, covered up, covered, it's just
completely confined underneath that garbage canes. Today, we bring out that beautiful shining
diamond,
the jewel, precious, more precious than the diamond, more precious than which profiling jewels
in the Buddha teaching set. This is the one we're doing. And we're doing this for all the beings.
That's what happens. So open statement, so incorrect, enlightened statement, as in the teaching set
,
as in the teaching set. By the merit of the generalist and others by me, may I attend
the Buddha who for sake of certain beings, for every living means, may I become the Buddha.
That must be already met in the statement. So, so spare. How are we going to explore this,
this beautiful preciousness of the book, love and kindness completion? That is the truth, here is
it,
by merit of generalist and others by me. These are the tools to discover this, our preciousness
qualities, qualities, precious nature of this body, the enlightened mind. We're going to discover
by the tools of the merits, those merits are now the generalist merit, merit of generalist, merit
of the moralist, merits of the passions, merits of the joyful efforts, merits of the concentrations
,
and merits of the worship. Those are the tools we're going to reveal this beautiful nature.
Those are known as in the Buddha teaching, as many of you know, the six paramatas that are when
paramata means one who leads beyond the, beyond the dualities, to lead the duality. Duality is the
world of habit patterns, world of the immune, negative emotions, but paramata sounds the way
one who take the other side, the shows, show of that, the non-dualic status. That is the one
that you will need, is six paramatas. So here, of course, this is abbreviated, but here, by others,
but others mean, the other five paramatas that we, again, I listed already, those are the moral,
morality, and patience, and their joyful effort, concentrations, and as well as blessings.
So by that, and then, reaching like this. So that's the bodhicata. Again, this bodhicata is
so special. It's one of the extra order teaching of the Buddha Chaturmani that will proclaim,
in the teaching always, bodhicata is the line's role of the Buddha Chaturmani. It's like line's
role. It's a fearless statement. This has no body against the bodhicata. Nobody can distribute
to this bodhicata in the logical, in the reasonable ways. Can't ignore this. Nobody can ignore the
true love. Nobody can ignore the true compassion. Nobody can ignore the true understanding of the
meaning of the value of love and conditions. Nobody can ask. Therefore, this extra only
line's role by our greatest teacher, Buddha Chaturmani, who practices this, this, all the
which is enlightened. When he becomes enlightened, he becomes this bodhicata, straight. So that,
that is the bodhicata. And this is our nature, and this is the nature of everyone. So that is the
bodhicata, bodhicata. And the next one is then, whole, boldness. Whole, boldness is again,
again is part of the body, is bodhicata. Reactivating bodhicata. Again,
de-glorify the bodhicata. And bodhicata generally, I think many of you, maybe you do,
there's two bodhicata. Wishing bodhicata and actualizing bodhicata. Bodhicata is the mind
of enlightenment, love and completion of what's the mind that keeps strongly in the mind, wishing
that to everyone be good, good and happy and peace and joy. Wishing that sincerely from that,
in our heart, that is known as wishing bodhicata. It's just our wish is built for motivation, is
wish. With that, with motivation, we need to begin to reflect that in the actions. That is known as
actualizing, actualizing the wishing bodhicata by action. Action, so wishing bodhicata. So actual
izing
bodhicata and wishing bodhicata. This whole bond is thought is the, the true or the essence of the
wishing bodhicata. This is, as great Master Rungjiva said, the wishing bodhicata practices by four
bondless. And how are we going to do four bondless practices? As in the teaching, he says, first is
,
bondless love. First is bondless love. Second, it is bondless compassion. And third is bondless joy
.
And fourth is bondless of equanimities. Those are known as four bondless practices. Joy, love,
compassion, joy and equanimity. Why is it called bondless? This great Master's teaching says there
is, is three, when it means bondless. And nature is bondless. And image is bondless,
result, imagination is bondless, and result is bondless. That is three means bondless.
Nature is bondless means when we start thinking, thinking, we don't want any hesitation,
without any doubt. We, great love, great love to all the livingness, where we develop in our heart
has no restrictions, no restrictions of the, love, love has no boundaries. And therefore,
nature is bondless. Nature of the way mind is developed, we're not distracted by the egos,
we're not distracted by the traditions, our true love is open to everyone. The way we develop it
is totally free, open as an open sky, open sky. Therefore, it is known as bondless, limitless.
The image, as I said, is bondless. Where are we going to project that true love to all the beings,
all the beings? The beings are, in the Buddha teaching said, is limitless. As far as sky goes,
that far there is living beings. As far as space goes, that far there is beings. As far as the
beings there, that, that much, there's karma and negative emotions. As much as there's karma and
negative emotions, therefore, that many also difficulty, challenge and sufferings. So therefore,
our love, where we started, is not just limited, but all the living beings. We love all the living
beings, everyone. Open that heart and open that mind, that attitude from your heart and project
that your old living being is known as then. The image, the object, sorry, maybe I should,
shouldn't use image, object is bondless. The natural is bondless, object is bondless,
object is bondless. Because of that bondless, the result is bondless,
benefit is bondless, benefit to yourself is bond, bondless, benefit or what, benefit,
benefit to the dual is bondless, benefited to the, to the business is bondless. We cannot count the
result both ways. It's immediately benefited to ourself. While we did this, purify all negativities
,
obscurities, obstacles, and all those bad edits, the heavy edits, the stressful edits,
the dragging down us all the time, down and down, that made with that burden. It lighten up our
self
and our heart and mind. Truly, it is so special. That sincerely wishing that thought and making
these statements, these prayers in the presence of the Buddha, dharmasanas, right in front of the
sky,
that is the most powerful practices, one of the most powerful practices. We really expressed that
we sincerely, sincerely, in the presence of the Buddha, dharmasana, and we think that
sincerity to all beings is truly so special. That's what great master, K.T. Paddishya, you always
say,
even just to do this bondless practice of love, love itself is self-great practices.
And then compare it, joy, and this economic. Each is so special, so powerful practices.
And there's so many beautiful stories. Even thinking of the one good heart, good heart,
feeling thought, big bond, big result. So many stories, beautiful stories. I mean, you can read
those things later and maybe we have some times you can discuss those. We read so many beautiful
stories. Even one single thought, single good thought, changing the whole vision of that
individual's goal and future. So powerful, so special, so beneficial. So this is known as
wishing body. Wishing body, the big essence. We wish that sincerity to everyone and pray these
three times in the wind, our day begins in the morning, when we wake up this, treat these
techniques with three ruffled, ruffled in bodhicata and do this prayer. That we're setting
beautiful
set for all day, hours out. Something so beautiful. Nobody can distribute this. Nobody can say this
is not right. It's truly beautiful. In the Buddha teachings, even the gods and the buddhas cannot
object that. This is so special. Gods, Brahma, Indra, Shiva, Viphanos. Gods, anybody cannot say
this is not right. Right. It's truly, we're making something beautiful. And then we're touching our
goal of true nature, our own being, our nature, basic nature. Without the interference of the ego
clean, without the interference of the greed, self-evocate. Something so divine, so unique,
so authentic, that is what it is. So that is the one that is the first part of these practices.
First, ponderative practice. With these ponderative practices, once we know these practices,
and then we do this. As in the teaching setting, first, in here, teaching set by Garetha Master
Mooji. All phenomenal efforts, they are, do not truly exist. Keep this meaning in mind while
reciting these polar practices. So, everything is magic. Truly, it is magic. Where it came is magic
.
Where it is here is magic. Where it's ending is magic. Magic. That's the universal. Of course,
we can say immediately that, but there's many Buddha teachings. Logging and all those things.
This universe is not here. No one's up on the time. It's our world where we are. It's also kind,
came as many of us came. And now it's existing. And also it's changing roughly every time.
Time. It's translucent. And then also it will end. And the way we came here, we're not here
50 years ago, 60 years ago, not here. And now we're here. And after 50, 60 years ago,
after, I don't know if we were here again. Same thing. It's just magic. We came as magic. We
hid as magic. We were concluded as magic. And magic continues, a quarter of Buddha teaching.
The spiral continues. This is true. It is what it is. Not just we are taking, talking to the others
,
their values, ourselves. Everyone is there. We're looking to the magic. We look walking to the
magic.
We listen to the magic. We're feeling the magic. Everything is as much as the status.
Prayer of prayer. Within the magic, there is a magic of the beauties, beauty of love,
compassion. There are magic too. Love in hand is complete. Buddhas are magic. In light brings
magic. With this realization, we do that. In the Buddha's teaching, we're touching close with
nature's arm. Nature's arm, we don't interfere with the struggle of dualities. We don't understand
it. Then he said in teaching, and we recognize the Buddha's sacrament. And still, right in front of
sky. Sky, we can remain ourselves as what we are. For Buddha, we build right in front of sky.
Sky, and then all the teaching said here, says, so I don't have to, you all know, the Buddha is
total embodiment of true love and competitive wisdom. That is what the Buddha, not just that
Buddha, but Buddha, he embodies all the Buddhas in light brings in one single stage. As Buddha
Shaktaman, so calm, so peaceful, so soothing. Buddha is truly calm, truly simple. Look to
read his statement. From the first day, first, his teaching, all which are under it, enter
enlightenment.
His teaching is on the true love, true compassion, true wisdom, and respect and
appreciation to everyone's. There's nothing higher, Lord, and everyone's equal. Everyone's the same
.
Everyone's the same nature. Everyone, when they walk for their nature, everyone will get
same realization, same God as the Buddha did this. Those statements are very uplifting and usher us
.
It's truly so true. This is true. It's not just Buddha making us to believe that that's not,
it is true. We all have that God, that is, and to visualize that truly as embodiment of all
enlightenment. And once another state is came, as Buddha, and the living Buddha, not just Amen,
truly feel that, truly see that right in front of us. And this Buddha is a sovereign body,
then it goes like this. All different Buddhas, some of them are tired, some of the Buddhas,
but the Vedas are, you know, all at Bodhisattva, 16, all of us. And this, oh, this is great.